Top Modules

Top level designs in The Trireme Platform implement a whole processor system
with a RISC-V CPU and memory sybsystem. A description of each top module is
below. Test benches for each top module are appended with the name of the test
program the simulate.

Single Cycle Top Module
The Single Cycle Top Module instantiates the RV32I single cycle core, the
memory interface, and the single cycle memory subsystem. It represents a
complete processor environment.

Single Cycle Top Module with BRAM
The Single Cycle Top Module with BRAM (single_cycle_BRAM_top) instantiates the
RV32I single cycle core, the memory interface, and the dual port BRAM memory
subsystem. This top module is the easiest to simulate and synthesize on an FPGA.

Single Cycle Top Module with Cache
The Single Cycle Top Module with Cache (single_cycle_cache_top) instantiates
the RV32I single cycle core, the memory interface, the cache hierarchy, the
main memory interface, and the main memory.

Five Stage Top Module
The Five Stage Top Module instantiates the RV32I five stage core, the memory
interface, and the single cycle memory subsystem.

Five Stage Top Module with BRAM
The Five Stage Top Module with BRAM (five_stage_BRAM_top”) instantiates the
RV32I five stage core, the memory interface, and the dual port BRAM memory
subsystem.

Five Stage Top Module with Cache
The Five Stage Top Module with Cache (five_stage_cache_top) instantiates the
RV32I five stage core, the memory interface, the cache hierarchy, the main
memory interface, and the main memory.

Seven Stage Top Module with BRAM
The Seven Stage Top Module with BRAM (seven_stage_BRAM_top) instantiates the
seven stage core, the memory interface, and the dual port BRAM memory
subsystem. This version of the seven stage core supports both RV32I and RV64I.

Seven Stage Top Module with Cache
The Seven Stage Top Module with Cache (seven_stage_cache_top) instantiates the
seven stage core, the memory interface, the cache hierarchy, the main memory
interface, and the main memory.

Multi-Core Seven Stage with Cache
This top module is similar to seven_stage_cache_top, but supports four seven
stage RV32I CPU cores instead of jsut one.

Seven Stage Privileged Top Module with BRAM
This top module uses the RV64IM privileged version of the seven stage core.
The top module inclueds a UART and memory mapped registers required by the
privilege specification.
